Hi Nate, 

Thanks for your email and update. And thanks for sending payment earlier. Apologies for the delayed response, my original message never went through...or maybe it did? Let me know if I’m repeating myself :) 

Great to hear you’d like to stay in the apartment long-term. I would like to plan to remove everything out except for major furniture the week in July while you’re away (July 26-31). I believe I mentioned before, the bed, dresser, two 4-cube units, chaise lounge chair, long table now in the hallway, bookshelf, kitchen table, and white bedside table will stay. If you don’t want any of those, just let me know. I’ll remove dishes, glassware, pots/pans, throw pillows and two large long floor cushions, wine fridge, and wall decor. You have the option to really make it your own. 

With the increase, the total rent will be $3100 which includes utilities (gas and WiFi). Let me know if that works for you. 

I hope all is well and settling into the transition of the new job! 


Hi Keegan,

Thank you so much for being flexible with the living arrangement. 
We are more than happy to stay long term.
At some point we may need to try and change our name on the lease but for now it might be easiest / safest to keep things the way they are. 

Here is some more detail about our schedule in July.
I should have probably sent this message earlier but I needed to check with the people at work about taking some time off. 

I think it would be a lot more comfortable for you if we were out of your way when you wanted to move your belongings.
Unfortunately I wasn't able to get off the dates I was originally expecting but the apartment will be quiet during most days in July.

Seung Min's sister and son will be coming to the US for 5 weeks.
They will be in San Francisco two of those (July 2 - July 9, and July 31 - Aug 8)
So the apartment will probably be pretty busy during those dates.

They will be out of state from July 9 - July 30, but I will have to work and won't be able to travel with them.
The house will be empty during these dates, I will be there in the evenings.
Feel free to come whenever works best for you.

Also, for the second, third and forth weekends of July I will be spending quite a bit of time cleaning the apartment since everyone else will be out of town.
  
The only other question I had was about the electric bill, I noticed you only mentioned gas and WiFi as the included utilities.

Also were you planning on taking the dishwasher? We may need to make plans to get a different one if you are. :)

Thanks again,

Nate
July 2 - July 9
July 9 - July 30
July 31 - Aug 8
  

